README.md, before:

# indigo-prowl

Prowl is a simple app that allows you to send arbitrary notifications to your iOS devices.
By installing it for Indigo, you'll be able to send push notifications as actions.  Because
this plugin uses the Prowl API's directly, you do not have to have Growl installed on your
system.

## Requirements

[Indigo Pro](https://www.indigodomo.com) is required to get support for plugins.  If you
haven't tried Indigo and are interested in home automation, please give it a shot right
away...  You won't be disappointed!

To use this plugin, you will need a free [Prowl](http://www.prowlapp.com/) account.  If you
already have an account, you are already one step ahead of the game!

After creating your Prowl account, you will need to
[create an API key](https://www.prowlapp.com/api_settings.php).  Even if you have an
existing API key, create a new one specifically for this application.  Be sure to keep this
API key handy, you'll need it later.

You will also need the Prowl app installed in your mobile device.  There are no
subscription fees, just the one-time cost for the app.  After purchasing, open the app and
be sure to allow notifications (that's why we are doing this after all).  You can also send
a message using their [online tool](https://www.prowlapp.com/add_notification.php) to try
it out.

## Installation

This plugin is installed like any other Indigo plugin.  Visit the
[releases](https://github.com/jheddings/indigo-prowl/releases) page and download the latest
version.  For advanced users, you may also clone the source tree directly into your Indigo
plugins folder, making updates as easy as pull & reload.

Once downloaded, extract the zip file and double-click the Prowl.indigoPlugin package.
Note that you must do this on the same computer that is running your Indigo server.  If
there is already a version of the plugin installed, Indigo will prompt you to replace it
with the newer version.

## Configuration

After installing the first time, you will be prompted for the plugin configuration.  You
can also access the plugin config at any time from the Plugins menu.

The 'Application Name' is useful for identifying the source of the push messages.  It is
visible on each notification.  By default, the application will show up as 'Indigo' for all
messages.

The 'API Key' is the same key you
[created earlier](https://www.prowlapp.com/api_settings.php) (you did that, right?).

Occasionally, it is useful to see the debugging information to troubleshoot problems.  Feel
free to enable debugging, but it will get rather noisy if left on all the time.

## Usage

After you have installed and configured the plugin, you can start to send messages as
actions.  For the type of action, select 'Notification Actions' and 'Prowl Notify'.  Then
press 'Edit Action Settings' and you will be prompted for the following information.

Your message may include a 'Title', which will be displayed on the notification.  This
could be an event type, such as Weather, or any value you'd like.  It is not required.

The message must include a body, specified in the 'Message' property.

Your message may also provide a 'Priority', which determines how the message is handled by
Prowl.

Both the 'Title' and 'Message' allow standard variable and state substitutions.  Simply
insert `%%v:VARIABLEID%%` anywhere in the text as many times as you want. `VARIABLEID` is
the variable's numeric id as found in the UI. Likewise, you can substitute device state
values by inserting `%%d:DEVICEID:STATEKEY%%` where `DEVICEID` is the device's numeric id
and the `STATEKEY` is the state identifier as found in the doucumentation for built-in
devices and in the Custom States tile in the control area of the Home screen for custom
plugin devices.

## Updates

From the plugin's menu, select "Check for Updates" to look for newer releases of the
plugin.  Any updates will be displayed in the Indigo event log.

Commit message:

Updated for first plugin store release

README.md, after:

# indigo-prowl

Prowl is a simple app that allows you to send arbitrary notifications to your iOS devices.
By installing it for Indigo, you'll be able to send push notifications as actions.  Because
this plugin uses the Prowl API's directly, you do not have to have Growl installed on your
system.

## Requirements

[Indigo Pro](https://www.indigodomo.com) is required to get support for plugins.  If you
haven't tried Indigo and are interested in home automation, please give it a shot right
away...  You won't be disappointed!

To use this plugin, you will need a free [Prowl](http://www.prowlapp.com/) account.  If you
already have an account, you are already one step ahead of the game!

After creating your Prowl account, you will need to
[create an API key](https://www.prowlapp.com/api_settings.php).  Even if you have an
existing API key, create a new one specifically for this application.  Be sure to keep this
API key handy, you'll need it later.

You will also need the Prowl app installed in your mobile device.  There are no
subscription fees, just the one-time cost for the app.  After purchasing, open the app and
be sure to allow notifications (that's why we are doing this after all).  You can also send
a message using their [online tool](https://www.prowlapp.com/add_notification.php) to try
it out.

## Installation

### Automatic Installation

The easiest way to install and keep up to date with this plugin is to install from the
[Indigo Plugin Store][http://www.indigodomo.com/pluginstore/].

### Manual Installation

If you don't want to use the Plugin Store release for some reason, Visit the
[releases](https://github.com/jheddings/indigo-prowl/releases) page and download the latest
version.  For advanced users, you may also clone the source tree directly into your Indigo
plugins folder, making updates as easy as pull & reload.

## Configuration

After installing the first time, you will be prompted for the plugin configuration.  You
can also access the plugin config at any time from the Plugins menu.

The 'Application Name' is useful for identifying the source of the push messages.  It is
visible on each notification.  By default, the application will show up as 'Indigo' for all
messages.

The 'API Key' is the same key you
[created earlier](https://www.prowlapp.com/api_settings.php) (you did that, right?).

Occasionally, it is useful to see the debugging information to troubleshoot problems.  Feel
free to enable debugging, but it will get rather noisy if left on all the time.

## Usage

After you have installed and configured the plugin, you can start to send messages as
actions.  For the type of action, select 'Notification Actions' and 'Prowl Notify'.  Then
press 'Edit Action Settings' and you will be prompted for the following information.

Your message may include a 'Title', which will be displayed on the notification.  This
could be an event type, such as Weather, or any value you'd like.  It is not required.

The message must include a body, specified in the 'Message' property.

Your message may also provide a 'Priority', which determines how the message is handled by
Prowl.

Both the 'Title' and 'Message' allow standard variable and state substitutions.  Simply
insert `%%v:VARIABLEID%%` anywhere in the text as many times as you want. `VARIABLEID` is
the variable's numeric id as found in the UI. Likewise, you can substitute device state
values by inserting `%%d:DEVICEID:STATEKEY%%` where `DEVICEID` is the device's numeric id
and the `STATEKEY` is the state identifier as found in the doucumentation for built-in
devices and in the Custom States tile in the control area of the Home screen for custom
plugin devices.
